{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Light;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-MediumOblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Web Text\
\

\b Intro
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\ri-1440\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf0 My name is Kelsey Johe \
and I am taking Visual Media Design 105 because graphic design has always been an interest of mine. I focused most on video production in college but always found a way to create graphics within my projects that would meticulously consume me to an obsessive amount.\
\
For my this project I was able to play around with fun colors. My favorite colors at the moment are lavender, teal and this trendy yellow that keeps popping up around in fashion these days.\
\

\b RASTER
\b0 \

\f1 The raster project was a lot of fun for me. \
As a veteran of 
\f2\i Adobe Photoshop
\f1\i0 , it was a nice opportunity to flex my abilities. I knew a lot of the\
techniques going into the project, but just like a muscle, \
Photoshop skills are use-it-or-lose-it. It was nice to get a short refresher.\
\
I was inspired by the idea of an astronaut in space and all the wild things they must see. I liked the idea of a lone astronaut in space writing to a loved one as a juxtaposition to the things astronauts must see on a daily basis.\
\

\f0\b VECTOR
\f1\b0 \
I had always wanted to learn how to use 
\f2\i Adobe Illustrator
\f1\i0 . \
Thanks to this project, I finally learned just the bare minimum to create a crime scene of culinary proportions. \
\
In this project, I was able to showcase my sympathy for all the lives lost to the trendy phenomena that is avocado toast. Where did it come from? Who decided that avocados were the tastiest when shucked and spread on toast. \
We may never know...\
\

\f0\b ANIMATION
\f1\b0 \
This project was definitely the most challenging thus far. I had never even heard of 
\f2\i Adobe Animate
\f1\i0  before this assignment \
but I was more than happy to learn to create one of my favorite visual media.\
\
For this project, I wanted to utilize sound and vectors to create an unlikely pair of friends. I wanted to tell the story of a first impression gone wrong, a re-evaluation, and friendship all within ten or so seconds. I was just happy that wasn\'92t too ambitious.\
}